yeah this is perfect it'll make a real
pretty wedding dress and you're gonna
need up okay guys a burro I know it's
hard for you to understand but I truly
love this woman and I want to marry her
and make her my wife
it'll all be okay afterwards please we
need gel
do you sleepy John estie's take this
woman Cindy Murphy to be your lawful
wedded wife for as long as you both
shall live I do and to you Cindy Murphy
take this man sleepy John st's to be
your lawful wedded husband to love honor
and obey as long as you both shall live
I do by the power invested in me I now
pronounce you man and wife
you may kiss the bride thank you die
Saburo and your Perrine that was great
okay let's go baby where are you going
on a honeymoon and we ain't coming back
Sammy wait what do you mean by that
weepy wait a second you can't mean
you're both thinking of suicide stay
back
this is a private matter between us I
won't let anyone interfere with it it's
all for the best
this is the end
sleepy wait I told you to stay away from
us
we'll pull the triggers at the same time
then we can be together forever
sandy
then they why didn't your show tell me
why this is a hot chippy
sleepy you're so kind
I just couldn't do it you see Kevin
would never forgiven me for
I'm sorry sleepy I love you so much
one day many years from now we'll meet
again in heaven
by sleeping this is the end one day you
and I will meet get in heaven
Oh
it's all over so is that drool Capricorn
yeah it's Capricorn god damn it now are
you satisfied I get back babe no gotcha
New York feeds on human misery gradually
it sucks the life out of us it's a
monster
you